Add information about ASReview file to documentation (#969)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/features/post_screening.rst

Export Project
--------------

> An ASReview project file can be exported from ASReview LAB. The file contains all data, decisions, and models. 
> replicate the project or to import the project on a different device. 
> The ASReview project file (.asreview) allows another person to continue your
> project exactly where you left off. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ASReview project file (.asreview) can be exported from ASReview LAB. 
The file contains the dataset, review history, notes, and model configuration. 
It can be imported into ASReview LAB on a different device, which allows other
users to replicate the project, or continue the systematic review.
```

--------------

> An ASReview project file can be downloaded containing all information needed to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An ASReview project file can be exported from ASReview LAB. The file contains all data, decisions, and models. 
```

replicate the project or to import the project on a different device. 
The ASReview project file (.asreview) allows another person to continue your

> project exactly where you left off. The entire model, all your screening
> decisions, settings, and statistics, can be imported into a new project.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
project exactly where you left off. 
```
Redundant (if suggestion above is accepted)
